What are you doing here?
I don't think I treated you well last time.
I want to apologize to you
Okay, all right.
You go
Wait, what else am I doing?
I want you to go back and continue to be my bodyguard.
What? You want me to go back and be your bodyguard?
Didn't you get me out of here tonight?
What do you think I am?
It's hard to grind
I have already apologized to you.
What more do you want?
This is how you apologize
OK
I admit it.
I don't have a good attitude
I was wrong and apologize to you.
I implore you to go back and continue to be my bodyguard
Well, to prove your sincerity
Then kiss me
Don't go too far
Then we don't have to talk about it.
What are you doing?
What else do you want?
Ok I promise you
Good come on